Job Description
Develop, maintain, and support zVendo e-commerce platform backend functionalities.
Autonomy interpreting business/technical requirements, designing, implementing and testing high-quality solutions.
Work in a team-based development environment with modular code base, peer reviews and pull requests, with disciplined use of source code control and documentation.
Constantly aim for quality, scalability, performance, and architecture keeping good practices, security, and compliance in check.
Be part of a fast and agile development process.
Contribute actively and proactively to optimize applications, processes, and methodologies.
Be willful to help peers, being part of a collaborative environment for development, testing, and automation tasks.

Job Requirements
Qualifications

Strong working experience and knowledge with PHP frameworks (e.g: Laravel, Symfony)
Agile experience is a must.
Sylius knowledge is a plus.
E-commerce experience is a plus.
Benefits:

An attractive package that matches your work experience within our team.
A unique experience in an entrepreneurial, yet structured environment
The opportunity to become part of a highly professional and dynamic team
An unparalleled personal and professional growth as our longer-term objective is to train the next generation of leaders
We trust in the power of creativity and flexibility and try to build an environment that allows you to be your best self.
We offer a variety of comprehensive plans covering medical and dental needs for you. An active lifestyle is a healthy life,
We are not a 9-5 company. Neither do we follow a traditional annual holiday policy. We believe in working smarter, not harder, and allowing employees to take time off, whenever and as much as they need.
You may work from home whenever you need and as much as this suits your daily tasks.
All zVendo offices are built with many collaborative break-out spaces, with snack and coffee corners functioning 24/7. You also have the freedom to stream your music right at your workstation and work accompanied by your favorite tunes!