Job Description
About the job:

We are looking for an experienced Flutter Developer who will join our talented software team that works on mission-critical applications. Your duties will include managing Flutter (Android, iOS) application development while providing expertise in the full software development lifecycle, from concept and design to testing.

You should have good experience in building high-performing, scalable, enterprise-grade applications and be able to write clean code and ensure your programs run properly. We also expect you to be passionate about building software and perform well working in a team, along with developers, engineers, and web designers.

Flutter Developer Responsibilities Are

Design and develop high-volume, low-latency applications for mission-critical systems and delivering high-availability and performance
Create well designed, testable, efficient code
Participate in all phases of the development life-cycle
Assist in the preparation and production of releases of software components
Ensure designs are in compliance with specifications
Investigate alternatives and technologies and present them for architectural review, in order to support continuous improvement


Job Requirements
Preferred Experience:

3+ years of experience working with mobile development
1-year experience in Flutter Development
Must show your previous work.
Experience in Flutter Development
BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject.
Deployed at least 3 apps
Have experience with Flutter for both iOS and Android.
Familiarity with RESTful APIs, GraphQL APIs.
Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token.
Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements.
Familiarity with code versioning tools.
Flux, Redux, and Rxjs is Preferred
Know how to deal with different screen sizes.
Experience with version control such as Git and SVN.
Required Skills:

Good communication skills.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Team worker.
Very comfortable learning new technologies, tools, and platforms.
Highly motivated.
Initiative and passionate.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Team worker.
Very comfortable learning new technologies, tools, and platforms.
Highly motivated.
Have shipped applications to the App Store or Google Play Store