Think insurance is boring? Think again.

 

Trufla Technology is a multinational Canadian company and the first of its kind – we offer a complete suite of digital solutions for the modern insurance brokerage. From SEO and web design, to lead management, branded customer service and API’s, Trufla provides a 360° digital strategy for brokerages and reimagines the way their customers interact with insurance. 

 

Trufla is leading a digital revolution that will transform the insurance industry! We’re growing fast, and we’re looking for visionaries to join our team of innovators and disruptors at our Cairo offices. 

It’s our goal for Trufla to be the BEST place to work. A great corporate culture is one of our top priorities.

Main Benefits:

 
Competitive Salary Connected to USD exchange rate
Employees Share Ownership Program
Health Insurance
Flexible Working Hours
Continuing Education Opportunities
Hybrid work model
Team Building Activities
Milestone celebrations – work anniversaries, birthday celebrations, etc.
About You

You're passionate about bringing ideas to life through technology. You need to be a part of a team focused on providing exceptional solutions to both internal and external customers, with a solid foundation in website development technology. You're also passionate about learning and evaluating new and emerging technologies. You're well organized and can balance multiple tasks and competing priorities. You're also driven to meet deadlines and flourish in an environment that's demanding and fast-paced. You're an experienced developer with a passion for delivering solutions to clients. You have strong English language skills, both spoken and written.

Job Responsibilities

Provide development expertise to a cross-disciplinary, and geographically diverse team, to ensure that the development needs are balanced with other competing priorities
Establish and guide our platform architecture as well as design and develop new features and functionality
Bring innovative ideas to the table to help make our environment and processes better
Be constantly experimenting and innovating