Job Description
Think insurance is boring? Think again.

Trufla Technology is a multinational Canadian company and the first of its kind – we offer a complete suite of digital solutions for the modern insurance brokerage. From SEO and web design, to lead management, branded customer service and API’s, Trufla provides a 360° digital strategy for brokerages and reimagines the way their customers interact with insurance. 

Trufla is leading a digital revolution that will transform the insurance industry! We’re growing fast, and we’re looking for visionaries to join our team of innovators and disruptors at our Cairo offices. 

It’s our goal for Trufla to be the BEST place to work. A great corporate culture is one of our top priorities.

Main Benefits:

Competitive Salary Connected to USD exchange rate
Employees Share Ownership Program
Health Insurance
Flexible Working Hours
Continuing Education Opportunities
Hybrid work model
Team Building Activities
Milestone celebrations – work anniversaries, birthday celebrations, etc.
Job Responsibilities

Design and develop Front-End technologies
Work with a cross-functional, full-stack development team and have prior experience building cross-platform, responsive, high-performing user interfaces for web applications
Design and developing applications for a multi-tenant distributed environment
Bring new ideas to the table to help make our environment better
Take holistic ownership of your work by understanding how things work, even if they take you outside your area of expertise
Consistently bring innovative ideas to the table to help make our environment and processes better
Bring thoughtful perspectives, empathy, creativity, and a positive attitude to take on problems at scale
Communicate effectively (both written and oral) with colleagues at all levels of the organization. We are a highly collaborative team, so this is important!



Job Requirements
Job Qualifications

Have 3+ years of front-end development experience in a team environment
Know how to write code that performs at scale
Experience in developing a user friendly and appealing applications
Experience with modern front-end libraries/ frameworks (Angular, React, Bootstrap, etc.)
Experience integrating with REST APIs including third parties Facebook, Twitter, Google, etc.
Strong knowledge of code version control (Git, TFS)
Good knowledge of CI/CD
Deep understanding of design patterns to creatively solve problems while preserving standards and using conventions
Knowledgeable and experienced with Object-Oriented and Service-Oriented Architecture, application architecture definition, applications design, business requirements gathering, requirements analysis
Familiarity with agile development methodologies
Trufla Technology is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to all forms of diversity in the workplace. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.